♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Skye] "Circus Pup-formers."
[Chase] Ladies and gents!
Pups of all ages!
Rubble will now perform
his amazing skateboard jump!
Hup! Wah-hoo!
[grunts]
Ta-da!
[Chase] And there's Rocky
on the tight… uh, board.
Ta-da!
[Chase] Next comes Skye,
the pup with the pop,
performing three back flips in a row!
[barks] Ta-da!
Wait! Don't forget the grand finale.
It's Marshall the Magnificent!
Whoa!
Hop!
Hey, I did it!
Whoa!
Whoa, whoa!
[pups laugh]
Nobody does a clown fall
like you, Marshall.
[sighs]
[Marshall] It wasn't exactly on purpose.
[phone ringing]
[beeps]
Hi, Raimundo! Is the circus here?
The pups are super excited. So am I!
Ryder, I have a big problem.
Only one of the circus trains has arrived,
and I don't have anyone to help
set up the big top.
[trumpets]
[giggles]
Don't worry. The pups and I will help.
Thank you, Ryder!
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[barks]
[Marshall] Wait for me!
Coming.
Whoa!
-[all] Uh-oh!
-Whoa! Ah!
Made it!
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
Thanks for coming so quickly, pups.
There's a problem with the circus.
Isn't it coming?
Only half the circus made it.
The performers and most of the animals
are stuck on a broken train.
Raimundo needs our help
setting up the circus
while the train gets repaired.
[beeps]
Chase, I need you and your winch
to lift the big top into place.
Rocky, I need your forklift
to set up the stands.
And Skye, I need you to fly up
and place the circus flag
at the tippy-top of the big top.
Chase is on the case!
Green means go!
[barks] Let's take to the sky!
[beeps]
Rubble, I need you to drill some holes
for the tent's big poles.
Marshall, I need you to set up
the trapeze with your ladder.
And Zuma, I need you to help
set up the tumbling equipment.
Rubble on the double!
I'm fired up!
Let's dive in!
All right, PAW Patrol is on a roll!
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[all barking]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[howls]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
Ladies and gentlemen,
boys, girls, and pups of all ages!
The circus setup is about to begin!
[whistles]
[elephant trumpets]
Okay, pups, on three!
One, two, three!
[all barking]
How's that, Ryder?
Perfect! Let's put it up.
Here are the poles!
And here are the holes!
Chase, your winch hook!
Winch hook coming right up! [barks]
Okay, Chase, lift the big top!
Here it goes!
Perfect! All it needs is the flag!
We've got that covered.
-Skye!
-[barks]
This pup's got to fly!
[barks]
[giggles]
We did it! The big top is up!
-[all cheering]
-Way to go, guys!
Almost done with the bleachers! [barks]
Got it! The trapeze is in place.
I love the teeter-totter act!
Me too!
Whoa!
-Whoo-hoo!
-[Skye giggles]
You guys are supposed to be working.
I know, but every time one of us lands…
The other one totally flies
back into the air!
Hang on, Zuma!
[grunts]
-[laughs]
-Thanks, Ryder.
Yeah, thanks.
That spinning was making me dizzy!
-[chuckles]
-[phone rings]
[beeps]
Hola, Leo, what's up?
[lion roars]
[chuckles] Oh, Leo, calm down!
[roars]
Ay ay ay, it's not that bad.
I will think of something!
Everything okay, Raimundo?
It's Leo.
He's upset at how long the repairs
are taking on the second train.
Lions are very excitable.
Breathe, Leo, breathe!
Ugh, I hope they get it fixed soon.
People are already lined up.
There's Raimundo!
Time to start the show!
-[applause]
-Ladies and gentlemen!
-I have bad news.
-[audience gasps]
Most of our circus animals and performers
aren't here tonight.
-I'm afraid the show can't go on.
-[clamoring]
No circus?
Aw.
But I love the circus!
Me too!
It's okay, pups.
I know who can get the circus going.
[all] Huh?
Ladies and gentlemen, don't worry!
The show will go on!
There's a group here already
with talents that will amaze you.
-[cheering and applause]
-[howls]
Yay, who is it?
It's the PAW Patrol!
They'll perform in the circus.
Us?
Whoa! [grunts]
Whoa!
[audience gasps]
[audience laughs]
[laughs] Ladies and gentlemen,
Marshall the Magnificent Clown!
[cheering]
[chuckles] Thanks, everyone.
All of you pups have talents
we can use in the circus.
Let's do it!
-You bet!
-Yeah, all right!
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[puppies cheer]
Ladies and gentlemen,
I would like to present to you
a very special treat.
A guest ringmaster!
Thank you, Raimundo!
We have a very special show today,
our very own Circus Pup Extravaganza!
[circus music playing]
Whoa! Ah!
[all gasp]
[barks] Wing!
This puppy's got to fly!
[Skye giggles]
Whoa!
[barks] Now without wings!
Whoo-hoo!
[meows]
-[bell sounding]
-[barking]
My house! My house! Oh, it's one fire!
I'll put it out!
[barks] Water cannon!
[barks]
No!
-[meows]
-[audience laughs]
Uh-oh.
[cheering and applause]
Whoa!
[whistling]
[audience laughs]
Huh?
Aha!
[whistles]
[barks]
Whee!
Whoo-hoo!
[chuckles] Yeah!
Amazing!
Yippee-ki-yay!
[barks]
[laughs]
And now, the grande finale!
[trumpeting]
[giggles]
Hup, hup, hup!
Ta-da!
-[audience cheering]
-[trumpets]
-Yay, PAW Patrol!
-[all cheering]
Ladies and gentlemen,
let's have a round of applause
for Eunice, Ellie,
Ryder, and the PAW Patrol!
Thank you! Thank you very much!
I have a special announcement.
The other circus train is fixed
and it's on its way here!
[audience cheers]
Ryder, I must thank you and the PAW Patrol
for saving the circus.
It was fun.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help!
[all bark]
Yay! Whoo-hoo!
Great job, everyone.
You put on an amazing show.
You sure are good pups!
Okay, team, let's head home!
[all laughing]
Yay!
Whoo-hoo!
[barks]
See you next time, Raimundo.
-[audience cheers]
-[horn honking]
Thank you, Ryder!
[trumpets]
[theme song playing]